Update Integrate with SendGrid Procedure (#1269)
astronomer/docs: astro/airflow-alerts.md

5. Verify your integration in SendGrid to confirm that the key was activated. If you get an error indicating that SendGrid can't find the test email, try rerunning the cURL code in your terminal before retrying the verification.

6. Add the [SendGrid Airflow provider](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid/stable/index.html) to your Astro project by adding the following to your `requirements.txt` file:

    ```text
    apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
    ```
7. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, create an environment variable with the following values:

    - **Key**: `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND`

>     - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`

Author: @howardyoo I have updated the procedure based on your feedback. Please review and provide your edits or approval.

>     - **Value**: `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`

Reviewer: Thanks! Looks good.

5. Verify your integration in SendGrid to confirm that the key was activated. If you get an error indicating that SendGrid can't find the test email, try rerunning the cURL code in your terminal before retrying the verification.

> 6. Add the [SendGrid Airflow provider](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid/stable/index.html) to your Astro project by adding the following to your `requirements.txt` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Add the following line to your Astro project `requirements.txt` file to install the [SendGrid Airflow provider](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid/stable/index.html):
```

    ```text
    apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```

```

    ```text
    apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
    ```
7. In the Deployment view of the Cloud UI, add the following environment variables:

>     - `AIRFLOW__EMAIL__EMAIL_BACKEND` = `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils`

Reviewer: the value should be `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils.emailer.send_email`, not `airflow.providers.sendgrid.utils`

Author: @howardyoo I have updated the text as requested. In future, ff there are specific changes or additions you want:

1. Click **Files changed**.

2. Scroll to the location where you want to add or edit text and click the **Plus** (+) icon.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/192604271-39b64b9e-6036-49c9-9718-72fa166a6ae0.png)

3. Click **Add a suggestion**.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/192604352-28594637-580d-42cb-b436-46c4dd6865e6.png)

4. Add or edit text and then click **Add single comment**.

Please review the changes and provide your edits, or approval.

Thanks!

Reviewer: Oh ok, thanks! I got it.
